PR Template (#11)
oss-slu/DigitalBonesBox: .github/pull_request_template.md

Fixes #<ISSUE_NUMBER>

# 1. What was Changed
Describe the changes in a straightforward manner, focusing on the end results or the functionality that is impacted. Avoid mentioning specific files or technical details here.

# 2. Why it was Changed
## What it is: 
Describe the problem that prompted the change or how the new feature can benefit users.

# 3. How it was Changed
## How to write it: 

> Detail the methods or techniques used to implement the changes. You can also mention any challenges you faced or alternatives you considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detail the methods or techniques used to implement the changes. You can also mention any challenges you faced or alternatives you considered.

# 4. Screenshots (if applicable)
Add the before and after screenshots for UI related changes

```

> # 1. Reference to the Issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes #<ISSUE_NUMBER>
```

> ## What it is: 
> This is a way to connect the pull request to a specific issue (typically a bug, feature request, or task) listed in the project's issue tracker.
> ## How to write it: 
> Use the syntax "Fixes #<issue_number>" or "Closes #<issue_number>" to automatically link the PR to that issue. This tells GitHub to close the issue automatically when the PR is merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> # 2. What was Changed
> ## What it is: 
> A concise summary of the modifications you've made in your code.
> ## How to write it: 
> Describe the changes in a straightforward manner, focusing on the end results or the functionality that is impacted. Avoid mentioning specific files or technical details here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 1. What was Changed
Describe the changes in a straightforward manner, focusing on the end results or the functionality that is impacted. Avoid mentioning specific files or technical details here.
```

> # 3. Why it was Changed
> ## What it is: 
> A justification or reasoning behind the changes—explaining why the modification was necessary.
> ## How to write it: 
> Describe the problem that prompted the change or how the new feature can benefit users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 2. Why it was Changed
## What it is: 
Describe the problem that prompted the change or how the new feature can benefit users.
```

> # 4. How it was Changed
> ## What it is: 
> A more technical explanation of the specific changes made, which is very useful for reviewers to understand your approach.
> ## How to write it: 
> Detail the methods or techniques used to implement the changes. You can also mention any challenges you faced or alternatives you considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 3. How it was Changed
## How to write it: 
Detail the methods or techniques used to implement the changes. You can also mention any challenges you faced or alternatives you considered.
```
